README.md, before:

# D2RMM Mods

This repository contains various mods for [D2RMM](https://github.com/olegbl/d2rmm).

#### Also on [NexusMods](https://www.nexusmods.com/profile/Jobus0/mods?gameId=4061).

### [Bosses Drop Sunder Charms](https://www.nexusmods.com/diablo2resurrected/mods/270)
Allows the Sunder Charms to drop from regular bosses and/or monsters.

### [Rune Downgrade](https://www.nexusmods.com/diablo2resurrected/mods/216)
Put any rune through the horadric cube to downgrade it to the previous tier.

### [Rune Easy Upgrade](https://www.nexusmods.com/diablo2resurrected/mods/217)
Adds easier rune upgrade recipes: two of the same rune upgrades to the next rune tier, no gems required. Costs are configurable.

### [Short Quality Prefixes](https://www.nexusmods.com/diablo2resurrected/mods/214)
Makes item quality prefixes such as 'Superior' and 'Damaged' shorter and colors low quality item names gray.

### [Increase Uber Key and Ancient Statue Droprate](https://www.nexusmods.com/diablo2resurrected/mods/215)
Multiply the probability for the uber keys and colossal ancient statues to drop.

Commit message:

Rework and rebrand BossesDropSunderCharms into IncreaseSunderCharmDrops, focusing mainly on multiplying charm drop rates in Terror Zones

README.md, after:

# D2RMM Mods

This repository contains various mods for [D2RMM](https://github.com/olegbl/d2rmm).

#### Also on [NexusMods](https://www.nexusmods.com/profile/Jobus0/mods?gameId=4061).

### [Increase Sunder Charm Drops](https://www.nexusmods.com/diablo2resurrected/mods/270)
Customizable drop rates for Sunder Charms, plus options to add them to regular bosses and monsters.

### [Rune Downgrade](https://www.nexusmods.com/diablo2resurrected/mods/216)
Put any rune through the horadric cube to downgrade it to the previous tier.

### [Rune Easy Upgrade](https://www.nexusmods.com/diablo2resurrected/mods/217)
Adds easier rune upgrade recipes: two of the same rune upgrades to the next rune tier, no gems required. Costs are configurable.

### [Short Quality Prefixes](https://www.nexusmods.com/diablo2resurrected/mods/214)
Makes item quality prefixes such as 'Superior' and 'Damaged' shorter and colors low quality item names gray.

### [Increase Uber Key and Ancient Statue Droprate](https://www.nexusmods.com/diablo2resurrected/mods/215)
Multiply the probability for the uber keys and colossal ancient statues to drop.
